Wang Jian, what do you want to do?
You spend 1 billion
Bajie, the bitch with oil fumes
We have the right to take back what belongs to us
He should pay for your sister's life
Just because I didn't help you
You just let them not do anything to me, didn't you?
Ye Yan, you are not qualified to argue
It's all your own doing
Yushi Fu City has been moved for your Wang family
Even if I don't help you
The Wang family will also thrive
Can the emperor thrive?
It has nothing to do with you
I will spare your life.
How dare you come over?
It's just a business crisis
Don't stay, very well-connected
How can you cut off your way of life?
Let me introduce you.
This is Zhang Chong, the son of the Tianlong Society
Zhang Shao
The Zhang family established the first 30 casinos in Yunzhou, 20 virtuous villages
The last thing he needs is money
Master Zhang is his grandfather
He's an Internet guy, so handsome.
Zhang Shaozao said you like it
I'll definitely strip him naked and send him to your bed
Mom now
It's also too late
I got it.
son
Leaf rock
I gave you face, right?
Who dares to touch my sister?
Who should I let die?
Leaf rock
Draco First Gang
He is the underground emperor who has slaves in Yunzhou
Since you have the ability to use one billion to serve Qu Yan
Then you should understand that some people are compassionate wives
Your Majesty, can the emperor bully men and bully women?
I said that if anyone dares to steal my sister, I will let him die
A love story?
Wonderful, since I don't know how to live
Then use the way you do best
Let you know
This is an outsider.
Somewhere in the Sky
All ears
Tomorrow, I, Zhang Chun, will make an appointment with you for a live PK.
If you lose
Then let your little sister
Moisturize my throat